c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BookMyShow\BookMyShow\bin\Debug\BookMyShow.exe.config
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BookMyShow\BookMyShow\obj\Debug\LoginPage.g.cs
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BookMyShow\BookMyShow\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BookMyShow\BookMyShow\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BookMyShow\BookMyShow\obj\Debug\BookMyShow_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BookMyShow\BookMyShow\obj\Debug\BookMyShow_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BookMyShow\BookMyShow\obj\Debug\BookMyShow.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BookMyShow\BookMyShow\obj\Debug\Movies.g.cs
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BookMyShow\BookMyShow\obj\Debug\RegisterPage.g.cs
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BookMyShow\BookMyShow\obj\Debug\Theatre.g.cs
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BookMyShow\BookMyShow\obj\Debug\Seating.g.cs
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BookMyShow\BookMyShow\obj\Debug\Timings.g.cs
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BookMyShow\BookMyShow\bin\Debug\BookMyShow.exe
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BookMyShow\BookMyShow\bin\Debug\BookMyShow.pdb
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BookMyShow\BookMyShow\obj\Debug\LoginPage.baml
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BookMyShow\BookMyShow\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BookMyShow\BookMyShow\obj\Debug\Movies.baml
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BookMyShow\BookMyShow\obj\Debug\RegisterPage.baml
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BookMyShow\BookMyShow\obj\Debug\Theatre.baml
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BookMyShow\BookMyShow\obj\Debug\Seating.baml
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BookMyShow\BookMyShow\obj\Debug\Timings.baml
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BookMyShow\BookMyShow\obj\Debug\BookMyShow.g.resources
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BookMyShow\BookMyShow\obj\Debug\BookMyShow.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BookMyShow\BookMyShow\obj\Debug\BookMyShow.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BookMyShow\BookMyShow\obj\Debug\BookMyShow.exe
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BookMyShow\BookMyShow\obj\Debug\BookMyShow.pdb
C:\Users\H234404\Desktop\BookMyShow\BookMyShow\bin\Debug\BookMyShow.exe.config
C:\Users\H234404\Desktop\BookMyShow\BookMyShow\bin\Debug\BookMyShow.exe
C:\Users\H234404\Desktop\BookMyShow\BookMyShow\bin\Debug\BookMyShow.pdb
C:\Users\H234404\Desktop\BookMyShow\BookMyShow\obj\Debug\BookMyShow.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\H234404\Desktop\BookMyShow\BookMyShow\obj\Debug\LoginPage.g.cs
C:\Users\H234404\Desktop\BookMyShow\BookMyShow\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\H234404\Desktop\BookMyShow\BookMyShow\obj\Debug\Movies.g.cs
C:\Users\H234404\Desktop\BookMyShow\BookMyShow\obj\Debug\RegisterPage.g.cs
C:\Users\H234404\Desktop\BookMyShow\BookMyShow\obj\Debug\Seating.g.cs
C:\Users\H234404\Desktop\BookMyShow\BookMyShow\obj\Debug\Theatre.g.cs
C:\Users\H234404\Desktop\BookMyShow\BookMyShow\obj\Debug\Timings.g.cs
C:\Users\H234404\Desktop\BookMyShow\BookMyShow\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
C:\Users\H234404\Desktop\BookMyShow\BookMyShow\obj\Debug\BookMyShow_MarkupCompile.cache
C:\Users\H234404\Desktop\BookMyShow\BookMyShow\obj\Debug\BookMyShow_MarkupCompile.lref
C:\Users\H234404\Desktop\BookMyShow\BookMyShow\obj\Debug\LoginPage.baml
C:\Users\H234404\Desktop\BookMyShow\BookMyShow\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
C:\Users\H234404\Desktop\BookMyShow\BookMyShow\obj\Debug\Movies.baml
C:\Users\H234404\Desktop\BookMyShow\BookMyShow\obj\Debug\RegisterPage.baml
C:\Users\H234404\Desktop\BookMyShow\BookMyShow\obj\Debug\Seating.baml
C:\Users\H234404\Desktop\BookMyShow\BookMyShow\obj\Debug\Theatre.baml
C:\Users\H234404\Desktop\BookMyShow\BookMyShow\obj\Debug\Timings.baml
C:\Users\H234404\Desktop\BookMyShow\BookMyShow\obj\Debug\BookMyShow.g.resources
C:\Users\H234404\Desktop\BookMyShow\BookMyShow\obj\Debug\BookMyShow.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\H234404\Desktop\BookMyShow\BookMyShow\obj\Debug\BookMyShow.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\H234404\Desktop\BookMyShow\BookMyShow\obj\Debug\BookMyShow.exe
C:\Users\H234404\Desktop\BookMyShow\BookMyShow\obj\Debug\BookMyShow.pdb
C:\Users\H234404\Desktop\BookMyShow\BookMyShow\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
C:\Users\H234404\Desktop\BookMyShow\BookMyShow\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\H234404\Desktop\BookMyShow\BookMyShow\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Extensions.dll
C:\Users\H234404\Desktop\BookMyShow\BookMyShow\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Primitives.dll
C:\Users\H234404\Desktop\BookMyShow\BookMyShow\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\H234404\Desktop\BookMyShow\BookMyShow\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Extensions.xml
C:\Users\H234404\Desktop\BookMyShow\BookMyShow\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
C:\Users\H234404\Desktop\BookMyShow\BookMyShow\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Primitives.xml
C:\Users\H234404\Desktop\BookMyShow\BookMyShow\obj\Debug\Payment.g.cs
C:\Users\H234404\Desktop\BookMyShow\BookMyShow\obj\Debug\Payment.baml
